Advanced Micro Papillary Breast Cancer with Bone Metastases
Diagnosed 2014 – still in Remission 2021
Marianne, NSW. 
Long Term Survivor 
Grace is the light in a sea of darkness for me. An angel brought into my life, she guided me through the complex process of obtaining effective cancer treatments overseas! Having been diagnosed in February 2014 with breast cancer, and having taken a number of alternative treatments working on a physical, mental, emotional and spiritual level, I was given the all clear.  However, in November 2016, I was diagnosed with a huge tumour in my breast which metastasised extensively into my bones.
Well, I thought with all the work I had done I had conquered my fear of my mortality.  It came back in full force overshadowing me, with anxiety at an all time high.  After doing so much emotional work, I was shocked to see how much fear I still had. 
I have avoided the medical system most of my life, as I never received clear answers for my ailments.  Fear surrounded me when it came to allopathic medicine.  Fear of diagnosis and treatment was overwhelming.
The immense, unbearable pain over two months lead me to succumb to see a doctor. Fear and pain had a hold of me! I felt defeated! My worst fears had come to realisation.  Test after test revealed my worst nightmare. 
I feel so blessed to have been guided to Grace.  She has been pinnacle in transforming my fears of doom and gloom to hope. 
Poor Grace.  Working diligently to keep me on course through the many times I wanted to bail ship!  Through her loving and caring nature, Grace was able to put me back on track.
I wanted to take any opportunity to deviate from this course, believing that alternative ways were the only way to full recovery, and also within my comfort zone. 
Other treatments showed up for me to go off track from the path Grace was desperately trying to keep me on! So many supposedly great treatments out there that swear they cure cancer, all very believable when in such a fragile emotional state.  From well meaning family and friends they are all legitimate in their belief that they work.
Unlike the path Grace leads you on, they are a one size fits all treatment for everyone. I definitely do not fit into the one-size fits all category, as revealed through the many tests Grace led me to have. 
Grace steered me in the right direction each time with logical sound reasoning from her wealth of knowledge, understanding of other treatments out there and whether or not they will have any chance of being effective in my individual case.
Achieving great results requires a team effort which Grace co-ordinates so smoothly and professionally. 
Every Skype call I have had with Grace so far has transformed my doubts, fears and anxiety to peace, hope and knowing that I am on the right track. 
From the roller coaster three months since my diagnosis, I am now in a state of healing.  My health has already improved substantially and I am in a great emotional state, confident and at peace with the paths I am taking.
Since I met Grace (less than 3 months ago Oct 2016) I have gone from being debilitated with pain and suffering to living a normal pain-free healthy energized life on a healing path to optimal health that I have never experienced before. 
My health issues began as a small child.  I have been managing them as best I can but until I met Grace I had no idea why I was having the unusual symptoms I experience.  Grace has not only worked out what triggered my health issues and cancer but also a path of healing them along with my cancer!
Grace explains Invasive micro papillary carcinoma of the breast can be aggressive. It is rare and accounts for less than 1% of invasive breast cancers. 
Marianne pursued alternative diagnostic procedures for some time which failed to diagnose her rare breast cancer type.
Before embarking on any treatment, Grace recommended a genomic test which was performed on her biopsy tissue. Fortunately, the test revealed, that chemotherapy was not appropriate and that hormone therapy alongside a new breast cancer treatment, would be more targeted to her cancer type. 
Concurrently, Marianne was referred to an Asian expert for blood-based immune therapy and hyperthermia, both synergistic with the new treatment and hormone therapy.
Due to successful reduction of the main tumour mass in the breast and the disappearance of all but one bone metastases, Marianne is about to undertake her third trip for further treatment. 
The goal is to reduce the tumour as much as possible before mastectomy. Her long-term outcome is looking favourable. 
Update:
2021 – despite occasional challenges (successfully treated), Marianne continues to do exceptionally well.